hey boots and hearts we are the James
Barker band from Lindsay Ontario we are
going to be playing an original tune
called call me home hopefully we will be
playing it on your stage this summer a
fast 17 skipped out on history they were
making chemistry out back in the parking
lot behind don't have the moon and stars
he said they have an honest heart
instead no I'm young but I know love and
I wanna spend my life with you don't
matter how far I'm down the tracks say
my name and I'll be back sit baby I'll
be back it's call me home
only I can't fall
you do you ever need someone to keep you
if baby call me
these fast 21 one house two rings three
jobs too late enough flat beat them down
bills at it up the did she left in said
I'm done
- easy thought back her was gone - she
call them up said I was wrong
city boy was wrong call me home
only I can for
do you ever
need someone to keep and baby call me
we turn the months and my seers live
filled up with smiles and tears and
quarters of a century seems to go by in
a flash today they get look awful
was burdening both his eyes in softly
say just call me home
won't be long till I can Oh
told you the thought of seeing you keeps
me strong yeah baby call me
baby call me